Publish Kubernetes v1.34 Release Announcement Blog (#51991)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2025-08-27-Kubernetes-v1-34-Release/index.md

## Release theme and logo

{{< figure src="k8s-v1.34.png" width="800" alt="Kubernetes v1.34 logo: Three bears sail a wooden ship with a flag featuring a paw and a helm symbol on the sail, as wind blows across the ocean"
class="release-logo" >}}

> \<TODO RELEASE THEME AND LOGO\>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Added the theme, Tim.

## Release theme and logo

{{< figure src="k8s-v1.34.png" alt="Kubernetes v1.34 logo: Three bears sail a wooden ship with a flag featuring a paw and a helm symbol on the sail, as wind blows across the ocean"

> class="release-logo" >}}

Reviewer 2: `calc(max(48em,min(80vh,70em)))` seems better

> class="release-logo" >}}

Reviewer: Let's try (in a different PR) to fix the CSS for release logos.
Maybe `release-logo logo-with-overflow`?

It's important not to break the other existing announcements.

## Upcoming Release Webinar

> Join members of the Kubernetes v1.34 Release Team on **Wednesday, September 24th 2025 at 4:00 PM (UTC)**, to learn about the release highlights of this release. For more information and registration, visit the [event page](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-cncf-online-programs-presents-cncf-live-webinar-kubernetes-134-release/) on the CNCF Online Programs site.

Author: We are working with CNCF to complete the event ASAP

> Join members of the Kubernetes v1.34 Release Team on **Wednesday, September 24th 2025 at 4:00 PM (UTC)**, to learn about the release highlights of this release. For more information and registration, visit the [event page](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-cncf-online-programs-presents-cncf-live-webinar-kubernetes-134-release/) on the CNCF Online Programs site.

Reviewer 3: @aibarbetta Working event page link (its live now).
```suggestion
Join members of the Kubernetes v1.34 Release Team on **Wednesday, September 24th 2025 at 4:00 PM (UTC)**, to learn about the release highlights of this release. For more information and registration, visit the [event page](https://community.cncf.io/events/details/cncf-cncf-online-programs-presents-cloud-native-live-kubernetes-v134-release/) on the CNCF Online Programs site.
```
